played,played,
played,played,
played,played,
Celta Vigo,Atletico Madrid,
played,played,
played,played,
played,played,
Real Betis,Girona,
Atletico Madrid,Levante,
Levante,Girona,
Levante,Real Valladolid,
played,played,
played,played,
Real Madrid,Real Valladolid,
played,played,
played,played,
played,played,
Real Betis,Espanyol,
played,played,
played,played,
Real Madrid,Valencia,
played,played,
played,played,
Girona,Barcelona,
played,played,
played,played,
played,played,
Valencia,Sevilla,
Getafe,Atletico Madrid,
played,played,
Valencia,Real Betis,
played,played,
Real Madrid,Espanyol,
played,played,
Getafe,Real Betis,
Celta Vigo,Real Valladolid,
Getafe,Levante,
Espanyol,Real Betis,
Celta Vigo,Barcelona,
Getafe,Real Valladolid,
played,played,
Girona,Real Valladolid,
Atletico Madrid,Sevilla,
played,played,
Barcelona,Valencia,
Real Madrid,Barcelona,
played,played,
Espanyol,Atletico Madrid,
Girona,Real Madrid,
Sevilla,Girona,
played,played,
Real Valladolid,Celta Vigo,
played,played,
played,played,
played,played,
Atletico Madrid,Real Betis,
played,played,
played,played,
Valencia,Espanyol,
Espanyol,Real Valladolid,
played,played,
played,played,
Levante,Real Madrid,
Real Betis,Barcelona,
Celta Vigo,Real Betis,
Barcelona,Real Madrid,
played,played,
Valencia,Real Valladolid,
played,played,
Atletico Madrid,Girona,
Real Valladolid,Barcelona,
Real Betis,Levante,
Real Valladolid,Real Betis,
played,played,
Barcelona,Levante,
Barcelona,Getafe,
Barcelona,Celta Vigo,
played,played,
Valencia,Getafe,
Atletico Madrid,Celta Vigo,
Valencia,Real Madrid,
played,played,
Sevilla,Real Madrid,
Getafe,Real Madrid,
Levante,Sevilla,
Sevilla,Barcelona,
played,played,
Atletico Madrid,Espanyol,
played,played,
played,played,
played,played,
Girona,Celta Vigo,
played,played,
Espanyol,Sevilla,
played,played,
played,played,
played,played,
Valencia,Celta Vigo,
played,played,
Sevilla,Atletico Madrid,
played,played,
Atletico Madrid,Getafe,
Real Betis,Valencia,
played,played,
played,played,
Levante,Getafe,
played,played,
Espanyol,Valencia,
Celta Vigo,Getafe,
Girona,Espanyol,
played,played,
Real Madrid,Atletico Madrid,
Girona,Getafe,
Real Madrid,Sevilla,
Girona,Levante,
Sevilla,Getafe,
Espanyol,Celta Vigo,
Sevilla,Espanyol,
Espanyol,Girona,
Getafe,Girona,
Levante,Real Betis,
Real Valladolid,Sevilla,
Celta Vigo,Real Madrid,
Real Valladolid,Getafe,
Atletico Madrid,Valencia,
Espanyol,Barcelona,
Celta Vigo,Sevilla,
Levante,Barcelona,
Valencia,Levante,
played,played,
Real Betis,Real Valladolid,
played,played,
